why are so many americans quitting their
jobs i don't know if this is an america
thing by the way if it is sorry
europeans and other east asians
southeast asians other people south
americans
um
i don't know that we have a huge
you know
following in africa but people outside
of america let's say
so there are a bunch of people who are
quitting their jobs and the anti-work
subreddit is one of the fastest growing
subreddits uh
right here
on reddit and so i wanted to talk a
little bit about why so many people seem
to be quitting their jobs
and kind of what's going on there
so to try to understand from a science
when i say scientific perspective i mean
sort of like a theoretical scientific
perspective what can we understand from
things like the theory of evolution what
can we understand about
um
large-scale psychological trends and
what can we understand about
psychology that propagates this kind of
thing
uh that makes it actually worse and so
we're just gonna sort of comment on it
it's gonna be kind of like
just dr k's thoughts about this thing
okay
so the first thing that i want to say is
that like i mentioned earlier this is
not something that i'm an expert in it's
not something that i'm going to be
citing sources or things like that
citing literature it's just sort of like
my take on
why people are quitting so much okay
so the first thing is that there seems
to be an unprecedented amount of people
quitting their jobs and doing so in a
spectacular and social media
karma farming sort of way right so
people will post
onto anti-work about oh like my my boss
told me to like work come in on saturday
and cancelled my vacation and cancelled
christmas so i said screw you and i quit
and so they post it on on the internet
it gets a bunch of karma and then people
post about it again and again and again
and again
and so what i i thought i'd talk a
little bit about like why this is
happening now like what forces led up to
this
and sort of understanding the psychology
behind it
so the first is that i think that the
internet has become one of the great
equalizers so generally speaking what
causes things to change
are when there are major humanity
human creations that will tend to level
the playing field
between like unequal
groups of people
and generally speaking i think the
internet is like the third biggest thing
that has been discovered so the two that
i'd say come before this for the first
is the printing press right so when when
reading and information became more
widely available we started to see a
drastic change within society
the second big thing that seemed to
equalize a lot of stuff was the
invention of gunpowder so if you look at
things like the american revolution in
like feudal societies
you know in the past what it used to be
that if you were stronger and had a
sword like you would you could kill
other people and so there was like a big
disparity in terms of power and like
physical strength
over time what seemed to happen is with
the invention of like gunpowder in the
pistol
you have people that are able to exert a
lot more power against like people who
are traditionally more powerful so you
have things like the american revolution
and and stuff like that but i think guns
have been another huge equalizer
and i think the third great equalizer
and there may be many more before this
i'm not a historian
but i'd say that the internet is a huge
equalizer and people have
um
i think not really understood the impact
of what the dissemination of information
has truly had on our society so 50 years
ago if you lived in a small town and you
had some crappy job like that was it
right like you're you looked around at
your options and you were not aware of
like what your other options were you
were vaguely aware that other jobs
existed elsewhere
but your ability to compare yourself to
other people and to understand what else
was out there was like quite quite
narrow
and we talk about some of the evils of
social media and information
dissemination fomo and things like that
on on this channel
you know we talk about
overly comparing and the the weaknesses
of overly comparing we talk about social
media and the dangers of social media in
terms of making people feel like they're
left out and things like that but i
think one of the things that it's
important to remember is that social
media just like video games are tools
and that tools can be used for good or
for ill
and so one of the things that started to
happen with the advent of the internet
is people have started to realize that
there's like better things out there
right so there's like a greater
awareness in general
that the world doesn't have to be as
crappy as your situation is
and i think this acknowledgment that
there are better options out there has
been absolutely devastating for certain
employers
so this is also where i'm gonna kind of
jump ahead here for a second but if we
look at why things have gotten so bad i
would say in short
employers have had no negative selection
pressure against poor practices
so if i'm you know if i own let's say a
major serial manufacturing company and
people are unhappy i haven't really had
any need to make my employees happy
right i've been able to say because
there hasn't been a selection pressure
or consequence you guys can go screw
yourselves right so i've been able to
say that thus far and so we've had
things like the creation of unions which
have been designed to balance corporate
power and all that stuff is fantastic
i'm not going to go down that road but i
think there's another huge balancing
issue here which is like the internet
because now we're beginning to see
huge movements towards equality so you
see these things like the arab spring
you see these things where people are
now aware
that other options exist right
so the first thing that's happened is
that that the internet has sort of
started to equalize the playing field in
terms of removing ignorance
um and so this is another thing that
corporations have benefited a lot from
it which is like you know praying
essentially on ignorance so like if my
workers don't know what else is out
there
i can give them crappy things so in
general like i think for example the
quality of food is thankfully in
restaurants like generally speaking
improved over the course of my life and
why is that it's because now i have so
much access to information about where i
can get food and where there is good
food and where there is bad food as a
result there were a lot of crappy
restaurants that you know existed when i
grew up that like i didn't realize that
i could drive 10 minutes away or further
and like find a really good restaurant
that was amazing it was all like word of
mouth but with the advent of internet
sharing information i've been able to
find good restaurants
as restaurants
as we sort of discover there are better
restaurants and worse restaurants like
better companies and worse companies
people have started gravitating towards
the better companies and moving away
from the worst companies so i think a
lot of corporations have continued to
exist very profitably
basically preying on the ignorance of
their employees and their employees not
realizing what else is out there
so there are a couple of other things
that have happened recently and i think
the biggest one is covid so i think
covet has been a great example of the
blindfold coming off
so for a long time companies have sort
of assumed or believed or taught their
employees to believe
that particular things were true the
first is that you have to be at the
office to work right and so what
companies would do is like there was
there's so much crap
that people had to put up with like
commuting is the top of the list right
where like you had to commute like a
commute was a given so when looking at a
job i even remember when when i got my
first place in boston or not just first
place every single place i had in boston
one of the main considerations i had
when i was like renting an apartment was
what does my commute look like what does
the commute look like what does the
commute look like what does the commute
look like because people were spending
half an hour or up to an hour i mean
depending on where you live and what
your situation is or five minutes if
you're super lucky
you know people would spend at anywhere
from five minutes to two hours of their
life per day
commuting to and from work
and so the the what's happened with
covet is we sort of started to realize
oh you actually don't need to commute to
work like you don't actually have to be
in the office and this was a huge like
revelation for a lot of people right so
the other thing that corporations tended
to take advantage of was almost like
geographical
predation
where like you know in the past
your job
um options were restricted by your
geography so if i live in like beaumont
texas or if i live in like some small
town in alabama or you know if i live in
some small town in india my only options
for work were like what was like
available around me and so with the
advent of the internet and especially
with covid and work from home you're no
longer geographically restricted so
there used to be some companies that
like i don't know if you guys have ever
heard of a company town where there's
like one major employer and most of the
people work for that employer and people
don't have a lot of
choice they don't have the a lot of
ability to like laterally move or or go
to other companies
and with the advent of covid and
everything moving online suddenly now
corporations are no longer able to
engage in like essentially geographical
predation right so like now if i don't
like the job that i have in in you know
mobile alabama i can go and apply for a
job in canada right so i can actually
like work in a different country i can
work in a different part of the state
this is something that corporations have
loved doing for a long time until it
starts to hurt them which is like when
there was all this concern about you
know shipping jobs overseas or
outsourcing to places like india and
china and companies have been thrilled
to do that thus far we've like moved
manufacturing over to china we've moved
manufacturing over to india and people
have lost their jobs here and like like
corporations have been like great like i
can move elsewhere i don't actually have
to employ the people here and now what's
happening is the reverse right so where
employees are starting to realize i
actually don't have to work for this
crap job with you i can actually work
remotely at this place that's somewhere
else and so like this has been a huge
thing that that covet has sort of
unveiled and i think companies are now
reeling from it
next thing that that kovit has revealed
to people is what they need to survive
so there used to be a huge like idea
about what it was what was required for
like survival success and happiness in
life right this is the idea of the grind
people are like grinding left and right
and it's like i'm gonna grind i'm gonna
work hard i'm gonna become successful
i'm gonna make more money and then i can
retire at the age of 65. i'm gonna
commute two day two hours of my life
every day to work nine hours a day so
it's going to be an 11 hour commitment
per day i'm gonna sleep for eight hours
which gives me like two hours a day of
of recreation or whatever i'm going to
do this for about 40 years and i'm going
to retire and i'm going to buy a
condo somewhere where it's warm and
where there's a beach and i'm going to
enjoy the rest of my life and this was
accepted this was just sort of like what
you know people used to be okay with
and and there's sort of this like idea
that you know the harder you work the
more successful you're gonna be
and then essentially what the
corporations did is took all the
hard-working people and like predated
them to extinction
and so they they essentially like you
know there's this idea that you have to
grind really hard and then you'll be
happy at the end
and what tends to happen instead like
during covet is people started to
realize like what is the value of money
what is the value of my time what do i
actually need to survive and what i
think what people really discovered is
that they don't need money nearly as
much as they thought they did and that
an extra five thousand dollars a year or
ten thousand dollars a year is not worth
an extra 15 hours a week
and so as as blindfol as covet has taken
the blindfold off a lot of people have
started to re-question their priorities
and what they're willing to sacrifice
so just kind of stepping into
evolutionary theory for a second
so i think that basically like covet has
put a selection pressure on jobs
right so this is where like before
these behaviors and practices by
companies went on unchecked because
there was no consequence in the
environment
so you know the theory of evolution says
survival of the fittest and since
companies were able to get away with
that sort of thing they did get away
with it because there was no consequence
for them and now what i think
corporations are really discovering is
that there is actually a selection
pressure which is what's happening right
so workers on mass are deciding to
select for
a particular kind of job and select
against another kind of job
and this is where a lot of people are
starting to get really upset and they're
saying there's a labor shortage there is
not a labor shortage there is a wage
shortage right the labor is there it's
just it doesn't want to work your crappy
job which you've been able to propagate
for a long time and haven't had to keep
up to snuff
because like there's been no selection
pressure against it right
so these companies have become like
bloated profit driven and i'm not like a
leftist by the way just you know i'm
just saying that if there's no like
selection pressure against something
it's gonna become bloated and like
overblown and like you know the wealth
inequality is increasing and people are
just not going to put up with it anymore
and so what we're sort of seeing there's
some really sort of simple evidence i'm
going to draw a very big correlation
here
but that basically if you want to like
play a game with someone you have to win
let them win at least 30 of the time so
if you look at like play behavior
amongst animals and even if you think
about like your kids for example like
you've got to let them win some of the
time right it's like a 30-70 swing if
they lose more than 70 percent of the
time they're going to stop playing if
they win 70 of the time they're gonna
more significantly more than 70 percent
of the time they're going to stop
playing so you even think about the way
that video games are designed video
games are not designed to be like 100
victory all the time right they sort of
are but they give you like false starts
you have to wipe on a boss multiple
times before you down it
and so what's been happening for far too
long is that like companies have been
racking up w's without taking l's and
now like their karmic seed is coming to
fruition where people just aren't
willing to put up for with it anymore
and so like now what's happening is
they've created these systems that have
become essentially bloated and
vulnerable to this kind of of you know
like like essentially like workers
hitting back right and i know this is
starting to sound like the communist
manifesto but i mean it's really more
about psychology and evolutionary theory
i'm not propagating i'm not suggesting
one is good or one is bad it's just this
is what's happened there have been too
many unchecked corporate excesses and
like people are just tired of it now
so there's another huge um thing that's
starting to change a little bit which i
i think i've worked with a lot of uh you
know startups i've worked with a lot of
ceos i've worked with a lot of
investment banks and i've started to see
some interesting changes in those places
so the first example that i'll give
y'all
is that investment working at an
investment bank like goldman sachs or
like jp morgan or whatever used to be a
very coveted job
and now what's what tends to happen is
people want to do their two years at a
place like goldman and they want a gtfo
as quickly as possible so this is kind
of interesting because even this is not
just something that's happening at the
bottom tier of like wage right this is
even happening very high up you see this
a lot in medicine you see it a lot in
residency where people are starting to
like you know decide like i'm not going
to become a doctor if i can become a
nurse practitioner because i can make
way more i can make sure i'll make less
money but the amount of time that i have
to sacrifice to become a doctor is no
longer worth it so i'm gonna go the np
route so we're seeing this at so many
different levels of work i absolutely
see it in investment banking
where i had a very prominent client who
was struggling with turnover
and so you know what they sort of had
this attitude that it's like you know
you work hard and like you invest you
you pay your dues
and then once you rise to the top that's
when you get to relax
and they sort of didn't understand that
like people are just not having that
anymore right like they're not willing
to
you know work their asses off for 20
years so that they can start flying
first class at the age of 46. people are
just not willing to make that trade so
in investment banking which you're
seeing is a massive exodus
from banking to easier fields so people
will go be cfo they'll go join vc
they'll go join private equity
things aren't really that much better in
in those fields as well but they tend to
be better
so what we're seeing even at higher
levels of education is like
um
you know much more turnover and like
selection pressures away from money so
another good example of this is like
i've worked with a lot of people who are
engineers at google and they actually
really love google so google's a good
example of someone who seems to be doing
this right so google in some ways
actually may pay less than
what someone is able to make somewhere
else but basically every person i've
ever worked with at google
loves working there and why do they love
working there even though they may get
paid five thousand dollars less it's
because google like sort of takes care
of them so they have a cafeteria that's
open for like 18 hours a day you can
come in and work when you want to where
you want to you don't have to come into
the office if you don't want to you can
work from like 10 p.m to like 6 a.m so
i've had people who work at google who
like will basically try to show up there
for dinner before the cafeteria closes
because the food is good
they work all night google keeps them
supplied with like energy drinks or
whatever other unhealthy crap they want
and then they have breakfast in the
morning they go home they game for a few
hours and they pass out
right so like some employers are
recognizing what people actually want
and some employers aren't
and the employers that are starting to
recognize that oh like turnover you know
this is turnover is happening because
people don't like working here and
throwing money at the problem which many
of them are not even doing
throwing money at the problem is not
actually a perfect solution
so what we're starting to see i'm seeing
this a lot more in terms of like
startups and and like young people that
i advise and people that i work with is
that even people who are in finance like
they don't want to just like
be doing gigantic murders mergers and
acquisitions for gigantic piles of money
that their the partner at their firm
sees which they see a tiny little slice
of they want to start doing work that is
meaningful and impactful and like they
can actually be proud of what they do
and so the the pressures on businesses
are changing and businesses aren't
keeping up
so this is the third thing that i'm
going to talk about and here's the real
psychological mistake that most
employers are making
so i'm going to ask you all a question
so when there's a kid who acts out and
has behavioral problems in school
and you punish the kid and you tell them
hey you're a bad kid bad kid what
happens to that kid does the kid act out
worse or do they get better when you
punish them and you say you're a dumb
kid you're a stupid kid you're a bad
behaved kid
it gets worse so what do you think is
happening when corporations are saying
oh these workers like kids nowadays are
so lazy
they're so lazy there's a labor shortage
people just don't want to work they just
want to get their federal hand out they
want to sit at home because they're lazy
they're lazy they're so lazy oh my
goodness
and this is this is their karmic seed
coming to fruition right this is their
chicken coming to hatch or rooster
coming to hatch or whatever
right so this is where the biggest
mistake that corporations have made is
that they have grossly invalidated the
experience of their workers
so i'll give you guys a prime example of
this and that is the field of pr so when
a company has a problem
right so let's say like there's let's
just say hypothetically that you're a
game developer who has you know
some kind of doj or department of labor
investigation against you for systemic
sexual discrimination
what do you do
you hire a pr firm right so somewhere
along the way
companies started resorting to pr to fix
their problems which is like a
fundamental mistake
right because it's like you're not
actually fixing the problem you're just
fixing the perception of the problem
and this is a huge problem because at
some point companies stopped actually
like listening to their employees and
what they want and what is hard for them
and instead what they started doing is
just like
focusing on pr
there's like a lack of transparency
there's a lack of understanding of what
people want and essentially it's
incredibly invalidating so the there are
a lot of companies out there that are
psychologically so invalidating to the
experiences of their employees
that the employees are just done with it
like they're going to act out worse and
so like a good example of this is i
heard recently that you know
someone was replacing strike workers and
then us trolls on the internet when i
say awesome i don't know if i'm really
included in this but trolls on the
internet decided to spam their their
job application website with like fake
applications
right like i don't think that people
realize that like
that invalidation of workers experiences
is going to lead to catastrophic
problems
and the reason that they have been able
to do this for so long is simply because
there hasn't been any selection pressure
for it right so you've been able to
invalidate the experience of your
employees and tell them to go screw
themselves for a long time which is
exactly why it's continued right there
has been no selection pressure against
it and now there is a selection pressure
against it and so the companies are
going to have two choices they can
continue to invalidate the experience of
their workers and call them lazy and et
cetera et cetera et cetera in which case
people are going to quit on mass and
then your company will close like you'll
shut your doors right and then you're
going to go thinking oh man like
my company shut down because people are
lazy now and they didn't used to be lazy
it's not my fault it's the world's fault
it has nothing to do with me there's
nothing i could have done differently
it's because workers are lazy now in
government handouts
i'm going to absolve myself of all
responsibility by blaming everyone
except for myself it's the government's
problem kids are lazy it's video games
it's drugs it's have you seen this
justin bieber like all of this stuff
it's it's no one's fault but my own
heaven forbid what are you saying are
you saying that i should have actually
asked my employees
what can i do to get you to stay
what
that's an absurd question why on earth
would i ever ask that
are you suggesting that i should ask my
employees like what what
what would make you happy here what are
you looking for how can we help you how
can we how can we do a better job as
employers
that's absurd
there's no way i can do better i'm
perfect like i thought you guys
understood that didn't we understand the
boss i make more money than you isn't
isn't the amount of money that i make
correlated with the amount of perfection
that i have and since i make more money
than you do i'm more perfect than you
are in my opinion matters more than
yours i'm the boss
i'm the boss i know what's right and i
know what's wrong i know what's better
for you i know it's good for you and
it's nine bucks an hour so i don't know
why you're complaining
right and then when problems happen so
here's like an example right so when
problems happen and i get into trouble
because heaven forbid like i change
anything that's ridiculous like why
would i change anything then what
happens is like when when
problems start to arise and there are
media stories and stuff like that
instead of i know it's kind of weird but
instead of fixing the problem and saying
hey maybe i screwed up here
what i do is i hire a pr firm and i'm
like fix my public image like i'm fat
and i'm bloated and i'm i'm a
corporation
and what i want you to do is is tailor
me a nice suit so it makes it look good
and then what we're going to do is we're
going to rebrand
right so we have like rebrand i like i
have nothing against pr like i think
that there's important things you know
for
why perception matters because sometimes
you have the flip side of the coin too
where you are doing a really good job
and because of some kind of slander
campaign or some kind of disgruntled
people like you know you have to
the battle of perception is important
i'm just saying that perception the
battle of perception should not be a
substitute for actually like making
improvement right and this is like
psychology 101 or maybe clinical
medicine 101 which is like if you know
if you have a problem in a relationship
you should try to understand the other
person's perspective instead of trying
to gaslight them through you the use of
pr and convincing the world that there
isn't actually a problem
and somewhere along the way corporations
just started doing that and it started
working really well which is why they
kept doing it because we didn't hold
them accountable for it right
when when we find out that for example
like you know
there's human rights stuff in china and
apple and all these kinds of stories
come out and nike is like using
sweatshops and stuff like that did we
stop purchasing nike equipment did we
stop buying apple products did we do any
of that stuff no
right and so like if
you know corporations are doing it
because they've been able to get away
with it because they haven't been held
accountable
and now things are are so
they're reaching a point due to the
access of information and due to you
know people like realizing that they
don't have to commute two hours to go to
work every day that the grass is
actually greener on the other side what
we're starting to see is like a lot of
companies are starting to suffer from
that right
and it's kind of interesting because
like there's just a lot of stuff that
companies are getting bit in the ass
where they were super happy when it
happened the first time around
outsourcing is one example another
example is like automation right so it's
kind of interesting because
you know when grocery stores move from
human people checking you out to
machines checking you out they didn't
drop prices at all it's not like
anything in the grocery store got
cheaper it's just the company made more
money and now when they're getting
automated bots that are clogging their
their applications i mean their their
job
application website with fake
applications like they seem to be crying
foul when it's like companies have had
no problem you know automating things
when it screws over workers but heaven
forbid workers start automating things
that screw over companies like that's
just unfair
the best example of this i actually had
a client who
wrote a script to do his job
and then like
someone found out about it and they sort
of fired him
and and then they got like super upset
and he's like okay you can fire me if
you want to but you're gonna have to pay
human to do this amount instead of
rewarding ingenuity in a company
actually like automating a worker
automating the job instead of giving
that person a gigantic raise and saying
hey is there anything else that you can
automate for us bro they just fired him
and got super upset
and it's like it goes both ways right so
i think what we're starting to see is
essentially like a karmic seed coming to
fruition
and this anti-worker movement is coming
it is now starting to really propagate
because people are aware that they don't
have to put up with this crap anymore
there's actually a selection pressure
that companies have become bloated
because they there have not been
selection pressures against them right
and now that there are selection
pressures against them they're starting
to feel the hurt and this is getting
further propagated by the fact that when
you have a problem
what instead of actually like addressing
the problem and trying to fix it and
listening to people's concerns you call
them lazy and blame the government and
as long as like you're doing that and
then you hire a pr firm those are the
three and if you keep on doing those
three things like do you all get that on
a very fundamental level like you're not
fixing the problem
you can whine about the government as
much as you want to but like until you
fix the problem until you make your
place
a place where people actually want to
work where they feel hopefully fairly
compensated which there is a flip side
to that coin too because human beings
never feel feel fairly compensated right
like you could always you always feel
like
you could be making more money for doing
the work that you do that's just part of
human psychology it's sort of like this
this too is a good example you look at
dishes that get done in a house right so
let's say you live with four roommates
everyone always feels like they're doing
the most dishes that's just how it is so
there are there are good reasons why you
know for example you can't just give in
to what workers want because workers may
always feel like they're unjustly
compensated which is human psychology
but at some point there's like there's
some some middle ground right where like
you don't screw them over and call them
lazy and hire a pr firm you actually
listen to what they say you do your best
to fairly compensate them and then you
also recognize that maybe if people are
leaving that you're a boss
maybe people are leaving you don't pay
him enough maybe people are leaving like
you should reconsider your work
environment and that you try to do what
you can to make your employees happy but
until people start doing that they're
going to keep seeing this i'm not saying
workers are right about 100 of things
but like it's just been way too much
like there have been too many problems
that get propagated
and not addressed and not fixed and it's
been going on for too long
so like the workers have been winning
only five percent of the time and so i
think they're tired of playing the game
which is why they're quitting
right and thankfully i've worked with
companies who and i like it's good so i
like working with companies and then
we'll talk about things like this right
so when i go to an investment bank and
and you know
we'll talk a little bit about because
you got to speak their language so i
i'll ask them questions like how much
does your turnover hurt you
what if you could
have it a place where there wasn't where
your turnover number was 50 they're like
oh my god that would be amazing
right and then you have to you can even
talk the language of dollars and cents
so you can tell them like how much would
that affect your bottom line and they're
like oh would affect our bottom line
like this much how many more deals could
you do a year oh we could do like so
many more deals a year
okay so then like you what's the value
of those deals okay so like why not give
people more money like
they're like but but they don't they
haven't earned it
right and there's some weird concept of
like haven't earned it it's like bro you
make 16 million dollars a year what have
you done to earn it
right this is something that i realized
in medicine so
i was talking to a doctor and it was
talking about you know how much money
they make
and they were like well i've worked my
ass off for like the last 16 years i
deserve to make x amount of money
i work 70 hours a week and it's like bro
the lady that just was in your office
that got diagnosed with breast cancer at
the age of 45 also works 70 hours a week
she just
works worse jobs than you do
she's been working 70 hours a week for
longer than you have
earned it is is tricky
right
and and this is where from a corporate
perspective you got to be kind of
careful right so like if you think about
oh but what about the justification of
that salary like there could be a good
reason for that so let's let's put you
in charge for a second chat let's say
you run a a company with 100 million
dollars that makes 100 million dollars
in revenue
and you have a choice you can hire one
dude for five million dollars a year
or you can hire another dude for 20
million dollars a year
the upside one guy increases your
profits by five percent the other guy
increases your offense profits by 50
and since that person is able to
increase your profits by 50 percent
people are willing to pay them 20
million dollars which one are you going
to hire
right it's tricky
there's a flip side of that coin
right
and so then you're willing to pay 20
million dollars and it's a justified
cost from your perspective that's how
that person is able to command the price
that they're able to command so i'm not
saying that you know high compensation
by definition is like an evil thing i
think there's an economic side to that
equation too which i've come to
understand working with like ceos and
entrepreneurs
but this is the kind of thing where you
know when you work with an investment
bank you got to help them understand
that hey if you keep like i think is
this my experience
is also what i do for like a lot of our
consulting is that i believe that the
happiest healthiest employees like are
the most productive and so do what you
can to make your happy healthy employees
like you know do what you can
and the more that you get their back
they'll have yours and what people are
have been expecting for far too long is
their employees to have their back and
they don't see any benefit from it
you got to be a team player you got to
come in and work christmas
what do you get for that nothing you get
to since you're the
since you're the person who's the
biggest doormat you're also going to
work thanksgiving because other people
are going to and moan but since
you're actually a team player and you're
willing to sacrifice i'm going to have
you work thanksgiving and july 4th and
new year's
right and this is the way that you work
your hardest employees to extinction
right
it's not unfair
let's be clear it's evolutionary
you can call evolution unfair if you
want to
but until you start selecting against
that kind of thing it'll continue to
happen
so what people have sort of discovered
if you're in the workplace is that
being grumpy and asked to do extra work
is can be a very good
quality right it can protect you in some
ways hurt you in other ways
who's likely to get promoted to manager
the person who comes in on
the four holidays of the year or the
person who puts on a grumpy face what do
y'all think chat
who's more likely to get promoted
all right so it's it's interesting
people are saying the grump
right so this is where so this is where
like it depends on the kind of boss that
you have does the boss
select for oh if i promote the doormat
then the grump is going to be grumpier
about it and i don't want him to be
grumpy about it
or do i
in promote
the doormat because he's a team player
and the grumpy's gonna be grumpy
it depends on what you've selected for
right so as a boss
if you've tolerated grumpy behavior then
you're gonna be selecting for that kind
of behavior
so it's tricky
it's very tricky
so i i think that you know just to
summarize i think the the great
resignation has been a long time in
coming
i think that there's been a lot of like
corporate invalidation of workers
experiences and so employees are just
not willing to put up with that anymore
they've started to re realize that they
don't have to because i don't i'm not
geographically restricted i can work
from home i and the other thing is that
i don't i'm like the exploitation is
just not worth it anymore right so the
being being forced to work all my
holidays
for some amount of money when the
company doesn't have my back in other
situations
it's just not worth it for me and i
think what we're seeing and just for the
record i think there are a lot of good
employers companies corporations out
there like i've heard great things about
costco for example like i haven't seen a
single post on the anti-work subreddit
about costco
right so it is possible to do a good job
you know i haven't seen a single post
about you know the cor the toxic culture
at like super giant games for example so
maybe there is one maybe there is i i
don't know
but you know there are some situations
where you see toxic people post about
toxic work cultures but there are a lot
of companies that are absent from that
so
you know
and then there's another evolutionary
thing which is that
instead of actually improving your your
game design
or optics which you do is just acquire
the studios that make good games and
then you drive them into the ground
that's another model which has been
evolutionarily supported
because we as gamers don't
continue buying the games once they've
been acquired and they start making crap
right so until until there's any kind of
selection pressure against it the the
behavior will propagate
you